# My name is Robert Karash
- 👀 I’m interested in ...
- Hacking, Web, Applications, and System/ServerSide Development
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- and skilled with C/C++, SQL, PHP, HTML, CSS and JavaScript
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- My Projects and To Help Others with the most efficient and lowest(highest) level languages cross platform.
- https://github.com/RobertJamesKarash/oneclickinstaller
- https://github.com/RobertJamesKarash/EpicMU

Robert Karash
Software Engineer and Computer Programmer - 18 years of self taught programming experience, started programming HTML when I was 10 years old (HTML 2, my code works with all modern day browsers (with very minimal media queries for mobile and cross browser optimization and is compatible before IE7. I like to do and right, and for it to work with all browsers). I later studied at a Technical Highschool for Web and Application Development and obtained 2 degrees at Johnson and Wales University, for Software Engineering (BS) and Computer Programming(AS). I've always been a hacker and evaluate every possible way; to approach a problem or objective of a program. I have good writing Skills, Content Management, Search Engine Optimization, Planning, Programming  and personable leadership of equality with a team. Seeking employment in the listed programming languages; but only have little work experience, and I do best starting projects from the ground up from scratch. My code is very neat, engineered efficient; and many times while working on more complex projects, I like to comment every line of code. I am a very logical and procedural programmer. I tend to avoid Objective Oriented Programming unless for GUI applications of course, I don't have much of a choice. I use functions; but I don't really consider them objects, I consider them a procedure to GOTO more procedural code, lol on that line. I have touched upon C# (I'm best at Windows Application Development with the GUI in C#; but have done some ASP.NET, MVC, C# Web Development, I wish it was C++ (my preference for programming systems/servers(along with PHP, that communicates with JavaScript. I preference, JavaScript for most tasks client side, unless the task is not to be open source, and for security or if the server needs to process it). I have done some Java (especially in College); but prefer not to work with that language, although it's a good language. I absolutely hate Python; everything about that language is bad, from it’s syntax, it’s compiler, and being open source. I refuse Python. I have also done some projects using an Oracle SQL database; but have more experience with MySQL (with PHP and C++). I understand how computers work, from Binary to BIOS to Operating System, I build computers and mine cryptocurrency. I preference Linux (Lubuntu) over Windows (Especially with the new Windows 11; that requires ridiculous specs). I haven’t used MAC much; but would use it like a Linux computer. I custom built a Gaming Computer; that I use primarily with a: MSI Gaming Plus Max B450 Motherboard, a Ryzen 7 3700x (Clocked at 4.4GHz from BIOS with 8 cores and 16 threads), 32GB of 3200MHz DDR RAM, two 120GB SSDs with a 11GB GTX1080TI and a 2GB EVGA NVIDIA GT-710 GDDR5 Edition clocked at 5005MHz (used as my primary display and for gaming). I am not the fastest developer; but everything I develop is carefully planned, precise, sought out, and fast. I believe in less state and more behavior.
# My Personality:
https://www.16personalities.com/enfj-personality
# To Learn More:
Please visit: https://robertkarash.com
